Transform the automerge workflow into a Github action (#20)
fewlinesco/dependabot-auto-merge: README.MD

name: AutoMerge

on:
  push:
    branches: [main]
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, reopened, synchronize]

jobs:
  auto-merge:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    name: Approve and ask for merge

    # It is advised to add this line in order to totally skip the code execution
    # in case Dependabot is not the requester.
    if: ${{ github.actor == 'dependabot[bot]' }}

    steps:
      - name: 🔬 Auto merge
        uses: fewlinesco/dependabot-auto-merge
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN }}
```

This basic configuration will allow **any pull request from Dependabot** to be approved and merged.

### Workflow inputs

#### `github-token`

```yaml
# ...
- name: 🔬 Auto merge
  uses: fewlinesco/dependabot-auto-merge
  with:
    github-token: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN }}
```

The `github-token` input is **required**. It is a Github PAT and therefore allows the Github action to act as a user.
For this Github action, the **required token's scopes are `read:org, repo, workflow, write:discussion`**.

It's also required to **register github token into Dependabot's secrets** on the Repository (*⚙️ settings > secrets > dependabot*).

#### `npm-blacklist` and `gha-blacklist`

> A list of dependancies on which you want additional control. The syntax is `<dependancy-name>[:<limitation>]`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of dependencies on which you want additional control. The syntax is `<dependency-name>[:<limitation>]`:
```

```yaml
# ...
- name: 🔬 Auto merge
  uses: fewlinesco/dependabot-auto-merge
  with:
    github-token: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN }}
    npm-blacklist: pkg-a:major pkg-b:minor
    gha-blacklist: >
      pkg-c:patch
      pkg-d pkg-e*"
```

> one line and multine syntaxes are allowed.

In this example:

> - `pkg-a:major` means major bumps won't be allowed for `pkk-a`. But minors and patches can still be auto merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pkg-a:major` means major bumps won't be allowed for `pkg-a`. But minors and patches can still be auto merged.
```

- `pkg-b:minor` means major and minor bumps won't be allowed for `pkg-b`. But patches can still be auto merged.
- `pkg-c:patch` and `pkg-d` is a different syntax for the same thing: no auto merge allowed.

> - `pkg-e*` means that every package with a name starting with `pkg-e` will be impacted. It is cumulative with bump level. e.g: we could want to freeze every `"@typescript-eslint` on a major version: `"@typescript-eslint/*:major`.

Reviewer: Maybe we  should add that it only works with `*` at the end? It's what I understood the code to do
